https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-19526 (#7666)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/errata.adoc

See link:../install/upgrade_hub.adoc#upgrading-by-using-the-operator[Upgrading by using the operator] for more information about upgrades.

== Errata 2.9.8

> * Quickens the propagation of the managed cluster so that the manifested managed cluster gets created around the same time that the placement of the managed cluster gets changed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-18885[ACM-18885])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Quickens the propagation of the application subscriptions so that the application subscriptions gets created on the managed cluster around the same time that the placement of the application subscription gets changed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-18885[ACM-18885])
```

> * Quickens the propagation of the application subscriptions so that the application subscriptions gets created on the managed cluster around the same time that the placement of the application subscription gets changed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-18885[ACM-18885])

Reviewer 2: Remember that the Errata release notes are about _fixes_ to a bug. This reads to me more like a What's new feature and would not match the rest of the entries. Since the bug is attached, we should see what the problem is and add that to the entry...this can be done really without the engineer involved, it's just wording it so that the problem and the fix is clear.

Reviewer 2: The issue bug title is "Slow subscription propagation to managed cluster" so I can reasonably get the problem in to the update.

_Fixes a slow propagation issue..._
